One hundred years ago,
when our brothers and sisters were invited
to the 1922 Cedar Point, Ohio, convention,
they were very excited.
Why?
You see, just three years earlier,
they had been energized
by a newly organized approach
to preach the good news of the Kingdom.
The Bible Students’ convention in 1919
launched a door-to-door campaign
to obtain subscriptions
to the newly released Golden Age  magazine.
Later that year,
a Service Director was appointed
for each group of Bible Students.
Now they had clear direction
in following Jesus’ command to preach.
That convention was considered
by many who were there
to be “the greatest ever held”
up to that time.
So imagine their anticipation
when the announcement was made
of another convention in 1922!
What would it bring?
Would there be other exciting announcements?
Everywhere around the grounds,
you’d see the big capital letters
ADV, ADV, ADV.
Everybody thought, ‘What is ADV?’
Many were guessing this and guessing that.
Behold, the King reigns!
You are his publicity agents.
Therefore advertise,
advertise,
advertise, the King and his Kingdom.
Well there wasn’t a dry eye in the audience.
Everybody was crying.
Everybody was waving their handkerchiefs
and talking to whoever was sitting by
whether they knew them or not.
Now more than just Bible students,
they were becoming
an organization of preachers.
What would the call to ‘advertise the King
and his Kingdom’ lead to?
What unique and innovative methods
would Jehovah’s people use?
The next 100 years would tell the story.
In 1922,
J.F. Rutherford began using
the new technology of radio broadcasting
to reach a global audience
with the Kingdom message.
At its peak in 1933,
radio broadcasts originating
from our own WBBR studios in New York
were carried by 408 radio stations
on six continents.
But because of clergy interference,
the commercial radio industry
gradually denied access to the airwaves.
Did opposition stop Jehovah’s people
from advertising the Kingdom good news?
What additional preaching methods were used?
A unified, consistent message
about the Kingdom was achieved
through the use of testimony cards
in several languages.
A publisher would simply hand the card
to the householder
and ask him to read the brief Bible message.
Another exciting application of technology
was the use of the portable phonograph
for house-to-house preaching.
To expand this initiative,
in 1937 at the Columbus, Ohio, convention,
the special pioneer work was introduced.
Special pioneers were encouraged
to use the phonograph,
not only when invited into a house,
but at every house.
During the 1939 service year,
300 special pioneers set up the phonographs
over half a million times,
playing the prerecorded,
four-and-half-minute talks
by Brother Rutherford
to over one million listeners!
Other Kingdom publishers
thus became “phonograph-minded,”
and eventually,
over 47,000 portable phonographs
with records covering 92 topics
trumpeted the Kingdom message.
Determined to preach from the housetops,
zealous Kingdom publishers
amplified their ministry
with transcription machines that broadcast
Brother Rutherford’s full-length,
prerecorded lectures.
A transcription machine was a phonograph
equipped with powered loudspeakers.
This made possible
sound cars and sound boats.
The Kingdom message
was clearly heard on rivers, on streets,
in parks and squares, in rented halls,
theaters, and other public spaces.
Equipped with tracts, booklets,
magazines, and books,
thousands of volunteers participated
in special preaching
and literature distribution campaigns.
These special campaigns made it possible
to cover large areas
with the Kingdom message quickly,
even in the face of opposition.
Street work,
information marches,
and bicycle parades
boldly brought the Kingdom message
directly before the eyes of the public.
Marches ranged in size
from just a few publishers
to about 1,000 publishers.
Streams of Kingdom publishers
made their way through the business districts
of large cities.
They wore placards bearing a slogan,
carried signs,
or distributed handbills
with the title of the featured talk
at a public meeting.
While radio broadcasts
and information marches
were an efficient way
of reaching mass audiences,
was it the most effective way?
Our primary method of preaching,
the personal door-to-door ministry,
has proved over time
to be the most effective method
of advertising the Kingdom.
But was preaching all that was needed?
It became apparent that teaching others
‘to observe all the things Jesus commanded’
would require training.
Kingdom evangelizers needed to be trained
to use the Bible effectively
and to study it with interested ones.
So at the “Call to Action” Assembly in 1943,
a new congregation meeting
was announced and demonstrated.
It was called
the Course in Theocratic Ministry,
and it accompanied
the weekly Service Meeting.
Soon, textbooks were released
to help our brothers
cultivate their teaching skills.
The books Theocratic Aid  published in 1945
provided clear guidance
for improved public speaking,
effective door-to-door witnessing,
making meaningful return visits,
and conducting progressive Bible studies,
while Equipped for Every Good Work
released in 1946
laid a solid foundation of Bible truth
through an in-depth
book-by-book examination of God’s Word.
Preachers were learning to become teachers.
Such high-quality training
equipped more to join
the ranks of Kingdom proclaimers.
And for those who were already active,
training allowed them
to expand their participation.
The ranks of Kingdom publishers swelled.
Around the same time,
the Watchtower Bible School of Gilead
began training Kingdom proclaimers
to take up missionary work in lands
where there were few, if any,
Kingdom publishers.
In the years since,
thousands of trained missionaries
have ‘advertised the King and his Kingdom’
to the ends of the earth.
Additionally, the teaching tools
provided by the faithful slave
have steadily adapted to changing needs.
Study publications such as “Let God Be True,”
The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life,
and now,
Enjoy Life Forever!
—An Interactive Bible Course
have proved to be
extremely effective teaching tools.
Huge international conventions
with record-breaking attendances
have generated global headlines
advertising Jehovah’s organization.
Films, DVDs, and JW Broadcasting videos
have helped
prospective subjects of the Kingdom
visualize the realities of that Kingdom.
Our Special Metropolitan Witnessing
and Public Witnessing carts
continue to draw attention to the Kingdom.
JW.ORG has played a vital role
in reaching millions
with the Kingdom proclamation
in over 1,000 languages.
How true are the words of Melvin Sargent,
one of many faithful brothers
who experienced much of this history!
Those of us inside the Lord’s organization
have tried, in every way possible,
to turn [the world’s] attention
to the message of life.
We have used slogans,
full-page advertisements,
radio, sound cars,
portable phonographs, gigantic conventions,
parades of information-walkers
carrying signs,
and a growing army
of house-to-house ministers.
This brief report
on the past 100 years of Kingdom preaching
merely scratches the surface
of what’s contained
in the new special exhibit
at the world headquarters museum
in Warwick, New York.
It’s entitled
ADVERTISE, ADVERTISE, ADVERTISE
—100 YEARS OF ADVERTISING THE KINGDOM.
When visits become possible,
please come
and see this informative
and motivating display.
How thrilling it is that,
alongside our brothers and sisters
of the past 100 years,
we have shared together
in fulfilling Jesus’ prophecy
that “this good news of the Kingdom
will be preached in all the inhabited earth”!
May this new special exhibit energize you
to continue using every means possible
to “advertise, advertise, advertise,
the King and his Kingdom”!